%big picture - make me think this is FB and FFW problem. 

%couple of diff approaches

%- portray two options
- sideslip -> better transition is to go through path tracking, lookahead control schemes being common, most often can be small

then bring in limits, then the sideslip no longer becomes trivial

intro should mention best way to compensate is through ffw instead of feedback

need combo of ffw and fb for path tracking -> feedback generally in form of lookahead error. In general, produces good results, but idea that since vehicle velocity and heading are not the same, steady state errors with sideslip angle - in linear region, not a huge issue, cite previous work to show sideslip angle. mention good stability properties, tracking
performance.  new tracking region with higher sideslip angles - consider whether sideslip makes good sense as the feedback, but this loses stability properties. Integrating into the feedforward. Ultimately: this is a question of FB and FFW. 

show that structure in Fig 1 are general - can also put in derivative


should read as more of a development, heres the development of a basic 
FFW - assume quasi-ss operation of bike model - not just kinematic relationships, but that doesn' assume tire slips


avoid passivity, watch tense changes

With the feedforward block complete, the remaining aspect is the feedback, 

sentence about limits of handling in LOOKAHEAD FEEDBACK is not necessary.


put nonlinear aspect into Fig 7 - not in the experimental data

the first idea should be give the reader the idea of compensating for sideslip angle in the feedback term to reduce that tracking error - establish that tracking error is an issue because sideslip grows with
nonlinear model. 

check conference paper for rossetter over the thesis.

look at from 3 m/s^2

reproduce fig. 9 in both cases

make clear in captions - steady state results at ay = 3 m/s^2 and 7 m/s^2 and nonlinear model

caption fig. 9 in similar way. 

make clear that Fig. 10 has linear model. Max speed for CL stability, based on linear model. 

Be more explicit in Sec. 8, - we can get BOTH PATH TRACKING and stability - USE WORDS. 

conclusion - don't go into "this paper goes into methods" - path tracking for - autonomous vehicle must be able to path tracks up to
their capabilities - sideslip angle can become quite large. by compensating the feedforward control -> don't just be like "this considers". 

Look through references - remove awkward citations and crap. 

compensate for sideslip region in feedback




